LLM Gateway - Turn Off Tracing.mdx (#4773)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/llm-gateway-access.mdx

- **Separate workspaces** (works on any [plan](/langsmith/pricing-plans)): create one workspace with restricted membership and another for developer coding agents with broader membership. Each workspace has its own provider secrets and trace projects.
- **Project-level access policies** (requires an [Enterprise plan](/langsmith/pricing-plans)): write an ABAC policy restricting `projects:read` and `runs:read` on the gateway project to specific users or roles.

## Limit tracing on Gateway runs

> On any Data Protection policy, you can bock Gateway traces from saving the contents of your LLM call. These traces are not charged against your account's usage totals. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On any Data Protection policy, you can turn on tracing to save content of your LLM call. When tracing is turned off on a policy, the trace is not charged against your usage totals.
```

Author: On any Data Protection policy, you can turn on tracing to save content of your LLM call.  When tracing is turned off on a policy, the trace is not charged against your usage totals.

> On any Data Protection policy, you can bock Gateway traces from saving the contents of your LLM call. These traces are not charged against your account's usage totals. 

Reviewer 2: `bock` = typo, left comment on slack w/ regards to language

> On any Data Protection policy, you can turn on tracing to save content of your LLM call. When tracing is turned off on a policy, the trace is not charged against your usage totals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On any Data Protection policy, you can turn on tracing to save content of your LLM call. When tracing is turned off on a policy, the trace is still charged against your usage totals.
```
